          student: Ben Windishar-Tatham
   degree program: BSCS
     program year: senior
     project name: Scheduler
        submitted: 11/4/2016 9:28:22
brief description:
    Using the Google Calendar API, Scheduler will populate your calendar
    with times allocated to complete tasks.

Is your project research-related? If so, describe the research area
and provide your advisor's name?:
    No.

Give a script (a sequence of actions, not Python code) of a session a
user might have with your project.:
    >Launch GUI for program
    >Log in with user credentials to Google Calendar
    >Input task name, amount of time expected to complete the task
    >Click on schedule button

How will your project use a database?:
    not applicable (no database required)

Is your project joint with another class? If so, say which class and
who the instructor is.:
    No.

Other than those selected above, if any, what other modules will your
project use?:
    (no response)

How will your project use networking?:
    Requires Internet access for Google API

How will your project use multimedia (esp. sound)?:
    not applicable (no multimedia required)

Describe your project in greater detail. What would you say to someone
to get them to use (or buy) your project?:
    Have a task due in two weeks and have trouble scheduling when to do the
    task? With Scheduler, you will be able to input the due date and the
    expected amount of time to complete the task, and Scheduler will fill
    in your calendar with time slots of when to work on the task. This
    process will automatically resolve conflicts and take into
    consideration sleeping hours.

If your project provides an API, give some typical functions and/or
classes (and their methods) that users would import.:
    (no response)

Will your application make use of any non-trivial algorithms? If so,
describe them.:
    (no response)

How will your project use 3D graphics?:
    not applicable (no 3D graphice required)

Is your project a game or aid to gaming? If so, say what kind (arcade,
strategy, role-playing, etc.).:
    No.

Is your project work-related? If so, describe the work and the problem
it will solve.:
    No.

Does your collect data from external sensors? If so, describe the data
(volume, sampling rate, format, etc.) and its interface.:
    Yes. It gathers data through the Google Calendar API.

What platform(s) will your project run on?:
    Windows

Is your project educational? If so, describe the grade level (or say
"university") and the skills it helps develop.:
    No.

Is your project a simulation? If so, what does it simulate?:
    No.

What will you use to build your command line interface (CLI)?:
    not applicable (no CLI provided)

If your project is interactive, give some typical user commands.:
    (no response)

What will you use to build your graphical user interface (GUI)?:
    Tkinter

